FIL:cisco_ch10.txt
TYP:single
QST:A router boots and enters setup mode. What is the reason for this?
ANS:The IOS image is corrupt
ANS:Cisco IOS is missing from flash memory
ANS:The configuration file is missing from NVRAM@
ANS:The POST process has detected hardware failure
TYP:single
QST:Which command is used to encrypt all passwords in a router configuration file?
ANS:enable secret <password>
ANS:service password-encryption@
ANS:enable password <password>
ANS:encrypt password
TYP:single
QST:Company policy requires using the most secure method to safeguard access to the privileged exec and configuration mode on the routers. The privileged exec password is trustknow1. Which of the following router commands achieves the goal of providing the highest level of security?
ANS:secret password trustknow1
ANS:enable password trustknow1
ANS:service password-encryption
ANS:enable secret trustknow1@
TYP:single
QST:An administrator is configuring a new router to permit out-of-band management access. Which set of commands will allow the required login using a password of cisco?
ANS:line vty 0 4 / password manage / exit / enable password cisco
ANS:line vty o 4 / password cisco / login
ANS:line console 0 / password cisco / login@
ANS:line console 0 / password cisco / exit / service password-encryption
TYP:single
QST:Which command can be used on a Cisco router to display all interfaces, the IPv4 address assigned, and the current status?
ANS:show ip interface brief@
ANS:ping
ANS:show ip route
ANS:show interface fa0/1
TYP:single
QST:Which CLI mode allows users to access all device commands, such as those used for configuration, management, and troubleshooting?
ANS:user EXEC mode
ANS:privileged EXEC mode@
ANS:global configuration mode
ANS:interface configuration mode
TYP:single
QST:What is the purpose of the startup configuration file on a Cisco router?
ANS:to facilitate the basic operation of the hardware components of a device
ANS:to contain the commands that are used to initially configure a router on startup@
ANS:to contain the configuration commands that the router IOS is currently using
ANS:to provide a limited backup version of the IOS, in case the router cannot load the full featured IOS
TYP:single
QST:Which characteristic describes the default gateway of a host computer?
ANS:the logical address of the router interface on the same network as the host computer@
ANS:the physical address of the switch interface connected to the host computer
ANS:the physical address of the router interface on the same network as the host computer
ANS:the logical address assigned to the switch interface connected to the router
TYP:single
QST:What is the purpose of the banner motd command?
ANS:It configures a message that will identify printed documents to LAN users
ANS:It is a way that routers communicate the status of their links with one another
ANS:It provides an easy way of communicating with any user attached to a router's LANs
ANS:It provides a way to make announcements to those who log in to a router@
TYP:single
QST:A technician is configuring a router to allow for all forms of management access. As part of each different type of access, the technician is trying to type the command login. Which configuration mode should be entered to do this task?
ANS:user executive mode
ANS:global configuration mode
ANS:any line configuration mode@
ANS:privileged EXEC mode
TYP:single
QST:What is stored in the NVRAM of a Cisco router?
ANS:the Cisco IOS
ANS:the running configuration
ANS:the bootup instructions
ANS:the startup configuration@
TYP:single
QST:Which statement regarding the service password-encryption command is true?
ANS:It is configured in privileged EXEC mode
ANS:It encrypts only line mode passwords
ANS:All currently set passwords formerly displayed in plain text are encrypted@
ANS:You can use the command "no service password-encryption" to view encrypted passwords in plain text